[Music]
from Sacha Baron Cohen and Isla Fisher
to Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus the
proof is in the tape-measure couples
featuring a drastic difference in height
are the happiest well that's what
scientists are saying according to a
recent study led by dr. Curtis on
couples with a taller man and a shorter
woman tend to be happier from being
better protectors to better earners
there are a handful of reasons why this
could very well be true when it comes to
this theory do you believe the height
pipe okay so apparently tall men make
fantastic husbands sorry Napoleon and
you Danny DeVito but before I explain
why scientists have come to this
conclusion
I should mention how tall the ideal tall
man should be according to polish
anthropologist Boguslaw pawlowski when
looking for a male partner a person
should put height at the top of their
list you know just above being a good
person and being respectful and
trustworthy of course Pulaski ran a
study in 2004 to test the importance of
height when it came to relationships he
determined that in a relationship
between a man and a woman the man needs
to be 1.0 nine times taller than his
partner to have marital bliss according
to the anthropologist that's why some
famous couples have fared well in the
relationship department some of the
couples with this correct height ratio
include sherry and Tony Blair and
Victoria and David Beckham of course he
also included Jennifer Aniston and Brad
Pitt on this list but you know how that
turned out
so while this may be true a lot of the
time having a taller man in a
relationship isn't always a sure bet for
a perfect match
another study run by Dutch psychologists
in 2013 explored why women tend to be
more attracted to men of taller stature
along with why people themselves are
satisfied with their own height
the researchers found that people tend
to seek out partners with similar
Heights to themselves this is known as
assertive mating while this does happen
in relationships the study revealed that
no one ever seen 100% happy with their
partner's height for the most part men
were partial to women who were just a
bit shorter than they were at about 3
inches women liked it when the man was
much taller than them at a whopping 8
inches so do women actually seek men who
are taller
well this theory should be taken with a
grain of salt and maybe some platform
shoes for the guys there are other
studies that have taken place over the
last 20 years that prove how being in a
relationship with a taller man does have
its benefits
women have evolved to want taller men
are all women destined to feel happier
with men who are much taller than they
are based on dr. Sandri search of 7850
women a wife's happiness is largely
dependent on her husband's height many
women in the study claimed to be
attracted to taller men for reasons they
couldn't explain son chalked this
reasoning up to evolution perhaps women
felt this way because it's just the way
they're built to feel that's probably
because during the years of early
humankind
men were better suited as
hunter-gatherers and would provide for
the women in their lives but sunt
concluded that this evolutionary
reasoning only mattered up until a woman
turned 18 after that time height
wouldn't be as much of a deal-breaker
taller men are more protective oh great
another excuse to be a damsel in
distress huh well based on the research
a lot of women like to feel protected in
a relationship according to a 2014 study
from Rice University and the University
of North Texas when it comes to matters
of the heart being with a taller man
proved desirable to many women six
hundred and one women were studied and
many of them had positive things to say
about being with taller men
some women claimed that they felt weird
gazing into a shorter man's eyes one
woman said she liked the idea of
reaching up and putting her arms around
a taller man's neck
some women explained that they like to
feel delicate yet secured by a taller
man side or maybe it was the big cowboy
hat taller men are thought to be smarter
so taller men have bigger brains - huh
not exactly but there is a direct
correlation between one's height and
intelligence according to a 2014 study
by Generation Scotland in the study a
group of men were given IQ tests and
those who were taller
tended to score higher it didn't say if
they were wearing kilts or not of course
genetic factors were also taken into
account
proving that intelligence wasn't solely
based on height but even so the study
proved that there is a correlation
between height and intelligence it isn't
just a tall tale so the next time you
study for an exam find the tallest guy
in the class and study with them just
kidding kind of taller men make more
money have you ever been asked your
height during a job interview well
that'd be kind of inappropriate but it
does seem that the taller you are the
bigger your paycheck is according to an
article in the Journal of applied
psychology in 2004 a person who stands
at six feet is predicted to earn around
166 thousand dollars more during a 30
year long career than a man who stands
at just 5 feet 5 it sounds unbelievable
right
but this height to income ratio has been
studied even further in other studies
with similar results in a study led by
an case and Christina Paxson of
Princeton University a one-inch increase
in height can actually lead to a two to
two and a half percent increase in
earnings so does that mean that if you
want to raise at work you should start
eating more spinach in hopes of growing
a little taller well I remember that
spinach is more for big muscles not high
remember Popeye was actually shorter
than Olive Oyl
but maybe hard work could do the trick
just as well being taller means a higher
social status pun intended
back in high school did you notice that
the taller guys were more popular this
could have been because they had more
confidence and were more comfortable in
social situations over time this could
lead to social adaptability that can
help a man achieve hard-to-reach goals
this theory was confirmed in a study
published in plos scientific journal in
researchers found that a person's height
was positively related to interpersonal
dominance in relationships especially
between two people in many different
cultures being tall has been related to
dominance so it's no surprise they're
highly regarded in social situations
must be nice to be so tall huh well so
far you've learned about why being with
a taller man can be beneficial to a
relationship but what about the other
way around do relationships with a
shorter man and a taller woman stand the
test of time well it's not as common to
see a woman taller than her male partner
it does happen
take musician Keith Urban and his wife
Nicole Kidman
they've been happily married for 13
years and seem to be going strong could
it be because Nicole's taller than him
maybe but then again she was also
married to Tom Cruise whom she was
significantly taller than and that
didn't last there are lots of studies
proving that tall women in relationships
make good partners but it seems it can't
be that bad
hey remember Popeye and his taller
girlfriend Olive Oyl they've been
together since the 1930s so why do you
think relationships last do you think
the heights of people involved has
anything to do with it or is it based on
more than that boy I hope so if you love
bright sides videos don't forget to give
this one a like share it with your
friends and click Subscribe stay on the
bright side
[Music]